CMR-10132: Fix stac-browser Stac item Search unmapped CMR keys (#370)
nasa/cmr-stac: README.md

### Navigating
CMR-STAC can be navigated manually using the endpoints provided above, or you can utilize available STAC software to browse and use the API.  

> A common STAC software is Radian Earth's `stac-browser` to use this tool against your development server navigate to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common STAC utility is Radiant Earth's `stac-browser` to use this tool against your development server navigate to
```
